2020.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 14)
 * General: Added Zynq 7z030i,7z035i,7z045i and 7z100i device support

2020.1.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 13)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 12)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 11)
 * General: Added new device xa7k160t.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 10)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 10)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed JTAG debugger Issue.
 * Bug Fix: Added waviers for lint errors.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 9)
 * Bug Fix: Updated MSIX TABLE & PBA OFFSET parameters. Which effects MSI-X functionality
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 8)
 * General: Added support for xa7a12t(cpg238,csg325) and xa7a25t(cpg238,csg325) devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 7)
 * General: Removed 'xx' in the Interface values
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 6)
 * Bug Fix: Updated arrow colors for JTAG debugger LTSSM graph
 * Feature Enhancement: Enabled support for cpg238 package for devices - xc7a12t,xc7a12ti,xc7a12tl,xc7a25t,xc7z25ti and xc7a25tl
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 5)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Removed unwanted display messages
 * Bug Fix: Removed option to select 250Mhz of UserClk_freq (AXI Interface Frequency) for the devices xc7z015,xc7z15i and xc7z12s since the timing does not meet
 * Feature Enhancement: Added JTAG debugger support to debug LTSSM, Reset sequence and Rx detect sequence.User option is added in the 'Add.Debug Options' GUI page
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 3)
 * General: Added support for xc7a12tl and xc7a25tl devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Updated text in core configuration GUI to display Capabilities Register value as 0x0142 when Slot Implemented option is selected for Rootport Mode
 * Other: Added support for xc7a12t,xc7a12t,xc7a25t,xc7a25ti and xc7z012s devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Reduced the number of characters on a single line by making a multi-line attribute assignment.
 * Added CDC registers to the pl_phy_lnk_up and pl_received_hot_rst PCIe outputs.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 3.3
 * Modified the width of pipe_tx_*_sigs, common_commands_in and common_commands_out
 * Added Tandem support for xc7z035
 * Modified the mapping of logical and physical external pipe interface ports for End Point configurations so that it can be connected to Root Port instance directly
 * Fixed issue with the default values of 'Base Class Menu' and 'Sub Class Interface Menu' and 'Class Code' update when Lookup Assistant option is used
 * Removed the dependency of 'Include Shared Logic(clocking)in example design' on 'External PIPE Interface' pipe mode simulation option.No changes made to the 'Enable Pipe mode Simulation' option
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed unresolved instances of sys_clk_gen used in pipe mode simulations. This module is now delivered in 'source' directory

2015.3:
 * Version 3.2
 * For EXTERNAL PIPE INTERFACE mode, a new file xil_sig2pipe.v is delivered in the simulation directory and it replaces the phy_sig_gen.v. BFM/VIPâ€™s should interface with the xil_sig2pipe instance in board.v
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed GTP DRP write issue - (Xilinx Answer 62770)
 * Added support for xq7z100 device
 * Added support for Post Synthesis/Implementation netlist simulation for EP/Verilog mode, for non-PIPE mode only

2015.1:
 * Version 3.1
 * Added support for xc7a35ti,xc7a50ti,xc7a75ti,xc7a100ti and xc7a200ti devices.
 * Added non-default input port pipe_txinhibit.
 * Fixed issue with invalid link width and speeds for -1 speed grade for devices xc7z030i and xc7z015i devices (x8 is not supported and incase of xc7z015i only Gen1 speeds are supported when speedgrade -1 is selected).
 * Added support for new packages: fbv484,fbv676,ffv1156,ffv900,fbv900 and ffv901
 * Added shared logic support for RP configuration.
 * Modified the External Pipe Interface as Master for Rootport configuration and Slave for Endpoint and Legacy Endpoint configurations.
 * Update to generate a 100MHz icap_clk for tandem configurations rather than using the ref_clk input.
 * Removed 250Mhz User clock frequency option for all -1,-1I,-1M,-1Q,-1L speedgrades of Artix7 family.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Enhancement to allow debug cores to work better within Tandem designs. Build_stage1.tcl now runs befor place_design and handles bscan primitives.
 * Added support for Artix7 xc7a15t, xc7a15tl and xa7a15t devices
 * Added support for Zynq xc7z035 device
 * Changed the pipe mode simulation options in GUI to radio buttons (No change in the functionality)

2014.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Enabled PIPE Sim support for Root Port configuration
 * Added support for Kintex7 Low voltage (0.9v) variants, for only Gen1 speed
 * Added support for Kintex7 Defense grade Low voltage (0.9v) variants, for only Gen1 speed
 * Fixed CPLL Power spike on power up issue (AR59294)

2014.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Added AZynq7030 device support
 * Added QArtix 50t device support
 * Enabled PIPE simulation and External PIPE interface support only when shared logic option Shared Logic (clocking) in example design is selected

2014.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added Zynq7015 device support
 * Added 35t,50t and 75t support for Artix7l and Aartix7 devices
 * Added cpg236 and csg325 packages support for Artix7 devices
 * Enabled Tandem PROM configuration support for Zynq 7030 and for Zynq7045 devices
 * Enabled Tandem Configuration support for Kintex 420T device
 * Changed the directory structure of the core without affecting the design hierarchy

2013.4:
 * Version 3.0
 * Added XC7Z200TSBG484 device support
 * Added support Artix7 35t, 50t and 75t devices
 * Added port level enablement for icap and startup signal interfaces
 * Added 3 new ports - pipe_rxstatus, pipe_eyescandataerror and pipe_dmonitordout to the transceiver debug interface
 * Added logic to power down CPLL until it is required during the PCIe link bring-up

2013.3:
 * Version 2.2
 * Reduced Warnings in Simulations
 * Reduced Warnings in Synthesis
 * Implemented Shared Logic for Clocking and Transeciver GT Common blocks to include either in core or example design
 * Implemented Tarnsceiver Core Debug interface. Brought the debug signals to the port level
 * Brought the Ext GT DRP signals upto the core top port level
 * Added support for IPI integrator
 * Updated xdc to match IP hierarchy
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS Simulators
 * Added support for upgrade from previous versions
 * Added support for Zynq 7100 device
 * Added new pages Shared Logic and Core interface Parameters in GUI in Advanced mode
 * Added Enablement of PCIe DRP interface and made the option true by default
 * PCIe Sideband interface is broken into several smaller interfaces to connect with DMA IP in IPI
 * Added support for External PIPE interface mode

2013.2:
 * Version 2.1
 * Enhancements in the Tandem Logic - added STARTUP Premitive and new ports related to this premitive (static ports)
 * Removed the redundant blocks related to Tandem configuration logic
 * Added AER_CAP_ECRC_GEN_CAPABLE parameter in XGUI
 * Added option to select the Internal or external clocking module (Parameter PCIE_EXT_CLK)
 * Marked Artix7 (fgg484 and fbg484) and Zynq devices as production. Added GES_and_Production option for Silicon_Rev parameter. Updated the Auto-Upgrade Script
 * Added support for Artix7 and Kintex7 Lowvoltage family
 * Shortened the example design xdc file name (PG updated)
 * IPI Level 0 Support
 * Added OOC flow support
 * Fixed CDC issues with GT wrappers
 * Removed the BETA tag for Tandem PROM and Tandem PCIe options
 * For x8g1, 128-bit interface width configuration, Removed the optional 250MHz. Updated the Auto-upgrade script

2013.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Lower case ports for Verilog
 * Added Zynq Support
 * Fixed Reset Sequence issue with GTPs
 * Fixed TXOUTCLK flatline issue
 * Fixed the issue with GUI to select the optional frequency for g2x4, 128-bit configuration. Now the selection for 250Mhz optional frequency is removed as it is not supported configuration
 * Fixed XSIM issues with VHDL version of the core
 * Changed upper case portlevel signals to lower case (clocking interface for partial re-configuration and ICAP interface)
 * Added pipe_mmcm_rst_n signal at the port level as input in the core top file.
 * All Kintex devices, Virtex 2000T, Artix 100t/ffg676, 200T/fbg676,ffg1156 are marked as Production. Option is added in GUI to select GES_and_Production
 * Tandem Configuration - The option is enabled independent of the Dev board selection for Kintex 325/ffg900 and Virtex 485/ffg1761/PCIe Block X1Y0
 * Tandem Confguration - Create Bin files for stage 2, Back Up & restore of bitstream generation settings

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2020 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
